[01-single.py]
Hello!
This is Blinky down here, and here's Blinky's source.
Nothing too fancy -- a loop with some delays, wrapped in a class,
and an external printing function for Blinky to use.

Right now, Blinky is sad, because Blinky has no friends.
So, let's invite some friends.
To give each blinky a separate life, we'll use the threading module,
because threads are easy, right?
[02-threading.py]
Not much has changed here, an import, a different printing function,
and we have to create and start a list of blinkies.

Hooray! 15 blinkies may not be cloud-scale, but Blinky is now happy.
At least until a system upgrade comes along, with a reworked,
enterprise-ready print_blinkies 2.0 function that
does some more complex stuff under the hood.
[03-uh-oh.py]
Now, each of the 15 threads tries to print the blinkies at once,
owerwriting each other's unfinished lines... it's not very pretty.
Both threads and greenlets has the some problem - you never know
at what point in your stack something will switch to a different
context, be it thread or greenlet.
It's especially bad if you monkey-patch builtin libraries.

What to do about this? Let's do what Node.JS does.
[04-callback.py]
Now this is not the best syntax -- Twisted or Node use this idea but have
better syntax -- but the idea is when we call a blocking, or long-running,
function, we specify a function to be called when the blocking call is done.
Anything that's scheduled this way will run as a single block,
with no interruptions.
If the print function needed to include a blocking call,
it would have to change its signature, alerting all its users that
context switches can happen inside.

The problem with this code is that these functions are a loop.
Well, it's actually trampolined recursion, but what we want and what it
does is a loop. It doesn't look like a loop, though.
Also debugging this can be a nightmare -- the term is "callback hell".

[05-asyncio.py]
This is where asyncio coroutines come in, where we can use "yield from"
to say we're calling a function that could cause a context switch.
Suddenly, we can use a loop and have it look like a loop,
even though inside it's still futures and callbacks.
